he Deutsche Bank (DB)/Bankers Trust (BT) deal was announced today in a
joint statement from Dr Breuer and Frank Newman.

Financing of the transaction- DB has agreed to buy BT for $10.1 billion in
cash. The transaction will be partly funded by a capital increase of DM 4.0
billion - with the rest funded by cash and through issuance of various
instruments; bonds, warrants, convertibles, participatory capital etc. DB
will not be selling its stake in Daimler -Chrysler. Frank Newman is expected
to join Deutsche's Vorstand. The new group is to be called Deutsche Bankers
Trust (DBT). DBT will have total assets of $834 billion and a Tier 1 capital
ratio of 5.4% - employing a total of 96,442 people. The group plans cost
cuts of $1.0 billion per year starting in 2,001. According to DB, cost
synergies are important, but not the most important aspect of this
acquisition: "BT is a platform for building the US presence." Dr Breuer
views this acquisition as an opportunity and a challenge for DB - with the
integration of BT almost unprecedented in terms of scope. Cultural
differences are not to be underestimated given DB's experience with Morgan
Grenfell.

Ratings - S&P told us today that there will be no immediate rating action.
They are planning to meet with the bank soon to discuss the details. S&P
placed DB on negative watch last week and the only comment on the rating we
could glean was that "they are confident that DB will manage to maintain its
investment grade rating" [however the integration of BT] "will be a
challenge". Fitch IBCA also put DB on RatingAlert Negative last week, while
placing BT on RatingAlert Positive. Moody's also has DB on review for
downgrade, and BT for possible upgrade.

We are waiting for more details of the structure of the new group -
including more on when the cost synergies are likely to be realised. We view
a 5.4% Tier 1 capital ratio as very modest and the strong "AA" rating as
untenable. With issues such as risk management, emerging markets exposure,
cost base and capitalisation under pressure, we see Deutsche gravitating
towards the lower end of the "AA"  category.

UK
Barclays - the unsettling departure of Martin Taylor may be far from a bad
thing for Barclays debt holders - as Taylor had embarked on a number of
unsuccessful initiatives which were primarily shareholder value driven. He
was reportedly pushing for a split-up of the bank which might have had
negative credit implications. Amidst all the adverse publicity and
re-hashing of negative events of the past year (BZW, Russia, LTCM etc...),
we should not forget that Barclays is generating over ?1 billion in pre-tax
profits every six months, continues to have a solid domestic UK business and
has a tier 1 ratio of 7.3%. Up until 3 months ago Moody's had a Positive
Outlook on the bank (now Stable). The main risk from a credit perspective
appears to be some slightly higher possibility that Barclays could be
acquired by a lower rated institution. This scenario still looks unlikely to
us.

Italy
Consolidation involving  the Italian cooperative banking sector received a
fillip from last week's ruling from the securities market regulator Consob
which means that any decision on accepting an offer for a bank owned by its
members is now subject to the same rules as an offer for any other company.
However - the decision to convert from a cooperative to a corporation must
still be decided on according to the old bylaws - with each shareholder
getting one vote- rather than one share one vote. Thus some structural
barrier to consolidation continues. Cooperative banks like Banca Popolare di
Verona and Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna are strong regional players on
their own and could benefit from either further consolidation moves into
neighboring regions or being bought by larger and higher rated entities.

Cross-selling
Interesting profile of Dick Kovacevich, Chief Executive of the new Wells
Fargo (Wells Fargo-Norwest) in today's FT. While at Norwest - Kovacevich
pursued a strategy of turning bank branches into "stores" and tracked
closely the number of products sold to each customer. In the period
immediately before the merger Wells Fargo had been targeting development of
internet distribution and micro-branches in supermarkets. The combined group
now has leadership in three of the most promising distribution channels of
the future. Management at many European banks is familiar with Kovacevich
and his views on cross-selling and hopefully can benefit from his experience
- taking heed of the following: "The most important thing to remember is
that cross-selling is about execution and not about broad strategy. This is
a tough thing to do, and it requires doing literally hundreds of things well
and for all your customers." On globalisation Kovacevich adds: "The job
we're doing would be harder if we were trying to do it outside the US.
Internationalisation really isn't something we are interested in."

Asia
Confirming anecdotal evidence and trends noted in individual bank's
exposures, date released by the BIS today shows a significant decline in
Asian lending. Total lending to Asia declined from $389.4 billion at
end-June 1997 to $324.8 billion at end-June 1998. There was a slight
increase in lending to China (from $57.9 billion to $59.3 billion) - but for
the other countries in the region the trend was reverse. Lending to Thailand
declined from $69.4 billion to $46.8 billion, South Korea: from $103.4
billion to $72.4 billion, Indonesia: from $58.7 billion to $50.5 billion and
Malaysia from $28.8 billion to $23 billion.

Singapore
Following trends in the US and Europe, the Central Bank of Singapore has
announced a relaxation of its capital adequacy rules (amongst the most
stringent of any bank supervisor) effective tomorrow. Singaporean banks will
now be able to issue Upper Tier 2 capital which will be admissible up to a
limit of 2 percentage points out of the 12% minimum total capital/weighted
risk requirement.


Charles Hulac (44-171-721-1538)
Kathrina Evans (44-171-721-6477)

US investors should contact Charles Hulac

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST
Salomon Smith Barney is a registered broker-dealer.  It is a member of
Citigroup Inc and is affiliated with Citibank, N.A. and its subsidiaries and
branches worldwide (collectively "Citibank").  Despite those affiliations,
securities recommended, offered, sold by, or held at, Salomon Smith Barney:
(i) are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; (ii) are
not deposits or other ob